[Music]
[Applause]
well it's from today it's a third day of
racing was the end of the qualifying we
are diamond saving team and we will seal
it with one lady sir and Oliver we were
in the in the in the Gulf lead yesterday
but today was a that start such a good
day for us we ended up in the silver
fleet
first races there was was a big wind and
we are a light team so we were
struggling the first race so he became
37th hunting and later on we went up to
the 18th place but yesterday we did a
lot of tweaking on the boat so we hope
that we would be faster today a lot of
help from a sport bug boat and that's
actually what what diamond shipyards
does as well we move to our customers
and we we stay with our customers as
much as possible to make sure that they
are served in the right way and I really
like to see the concept of sport boat
both doing exactly the same as diamond
shipyard does for us this is the first
World Championships we were sailing so
we are happy to be here of course it's
for us it's very special we normally say
clever Hill Club races some races in the
Netherlands and we are happy to be here
with five boats from the Netherlands and
we are practicing with them and with the
other boats especially with the Russian
boats Ukrainian both very much like to
sit against them is the only opportunity
[Music]